D:\Asawari\Testing\Projects\Automation training\Selenium practice 1\NUnitTest\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\NUnit3.TestAdapter.dll
D:\Asawari\Testing\Projects\Automation training\Selenium practice 1\NUnitTest\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\NUnit3.TestAdapter.pdb
D:\Asawari\Testing\Projects\Automation training\Selenium practice 1\NUnitTest\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\nunit.engine.netstandard.dll
D:\Asawari\Testing\Projects\Automation training\Selenium practice 1\NUnitTest\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\NUnitTest.deps.json
D:\Asawari\Testing\Projects\Automation training\Selenium practice 1\NUnitTest\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\NUnitTest.runtimeconfig.json
D:\Asawari\Testing\Projects\Automation training\Selenium practice 1\NUnitTest\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\NUnitTest.runtimeconfig.dev.json
D:\Asawari\Testing\Projects\Automation training\Selenium practice 1\NUnitTest\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\NUnitTest.dll
D:\Asawari\Testing\Projects\Automation training\Selenium practice 1\NUnitTest\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\NUnitTest.pdb
D:\Asawari\Testing\Projects\Automation training\Selenium practice 1\NUnitTest\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\NUnitTest.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Asawari\Testing\Projects\Automation training\Selenium practice 1\NUnitTest\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\NUnitTest.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
D:\Asawari\Testing\Projects\Automation training\Selenium practice 1\NUnitTest\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\NUnitTest.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
D:\Asawari\Testing\Projects\Automation training\Selenium practice 1\NUnitTest\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\NUnitTest.AssemblyInfo.cs
D:\Asawari\Testing\Projects\Automation training\Selenium practice 1\NUnitTest\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\NUnitTest.dll
D:\Asawari\Testing\Projects\Automation training\Selenium practice 1\NUnitTest\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\NUnitTest.pdb
D:\Asawari\Testing\Projects\Automation training\Selenium practice 1\NUnitTest\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\ServiceProject.dll
D:\Asawari\Testing\Projects\Automation training\Selenium practice 1\NUnitTest\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\ServiceProject.pdb
D:\Asawari\Testing\Projects\Automation training\Selenium practice 1\NUnitTest\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\NUnitTest.csproj.CopyComplete
d:\Asawari\Testing\Projects\Automation training\XPath assigments\NUnitTest\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\NUnit3.TestAdapter.dll
d:\Asawari\Testing\Projects\Automation training\XPath assigments\NUnitTest\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\NUnit3.TestAdapter.pdb
d:\Asawari\Testing\Projects\Automation training\XPath assigments\NUnitTest\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\nunit.engine.netstandard.dll
d:\Asawari\Testing\Projects\Automation training\XPath assigments\NUnitTest\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\NUnitTest.deps.json
d:\Asawari\Testing\Projects\Automation training\XPath assigments\NUnitTest\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\NUnitTest.runtimeconfig.json
d:\Asawari\Testing\Projects\Automation training\XPath assigments\NUnitTest\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\NUnitTest.runtimeconfig.dev.json
d:\Asawari\Testing\Projects\Automation training\XPath assigments\NUnitTest\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\NUnitTest.dll
d:\Asawari\Testing\Projects\Automation training\XPath assigments\NUnitTest\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\NUnitTest.pdb
d:\Asawari\Testing\Projects\Automation training\XPath assigments\NUnitTest\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\ServiceProject.dll
d:\Asawari\Testing\Projects\Automation training\XPath assigments\NUnitTest\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\ServiceProject.pdb
d:\Asawari\Testing\Projects\Automation training\XPath assigments\NUnitTest\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\NUnitTest.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
d:\Asawari\Testing\Projects\Automation training\XPath assigments\NUnitTest\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\NUnitTest.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
d:\Asawari\Testing\Projects\Automation training\XPath assigments\NUnitTest\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\NUnitTest.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
d:\Asawari\Testing\Projects\Automation training\XPath assigments\NUnitTest\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\NUnitTest.AssemblyInfo.cs
d:\Asawari\Testing\Projects\Automation training\XPath assigments\NUnitTest\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\NUnitTest.csproj.CopyComplete
d:\Asawari\Testing\Projects\Automation training\XPath assigments\NUnitTest\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\NUnitTest.dll
d:\Asawari\Testing\Projects\Automation training\XPath assigments\NUnitTest\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\NUnitTest.pdb
